---
title: AsyncSubject(T) Constructor  (System.Reactive.Subjects)
TOCTitle: AsyncSubject(T) Constructor
ms:assetid: M:System.Reactive.Subjects.AsyncSubject`1.#ctor
ms:mtpsurl: https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/Hh229447(v=VS.103)
ms:contentKeyID: 36068863
ms.date: 06/28/2011
mtps_version: v=VS.103
f1_keywords:
- System.Reactive.Subjects.AsyncSubject`1.#ctor
- System.Reactive.Subjects.AsyncSubject`1.AsyncSubject
dev_langs:
- CSharp
- JScript
- VB
- FSharp
- c++
---

# AsyncSubject\<T\> Constructor

Initializes a new instance of the [AsyncSubject\<T\>](hh229363\(v=vs.103\).md) class.

**Namespace:**  [System.Reactive.Subjects](hh211639\(v=vs.103\).md)  
**Assembly:**  System.Reactive (in System.Reactive.dll)

## Syntax

``` vb
'Declaration
Public Sub New
```

``` vb
'Usage

Dim instance As New AsyncSubject()
```

``` csharp
public AsyncSubject()
```

``` c++
public:
AsyncSubject()
```

``` fsharp
new : unit -> AsyncSubject
```

``` jscript
public function AsyncSubject()
```

## Examples

In this example an AsyncSubject is used to subscribe to an integer sequence generated with the Range operator. An AsyncSubject only returns a value when the sequence it is subscribed to completes. Once the sequence has completed, the AsyncSubject will publish the final item in the sequence. The AsyncSubject caches the final item. Any new subscriptions against that AsyncSubject will also have the final item published to that subscription as well.

    using System;
    using System.Reactive.Linq;
    using System.Reactive.Subjects;
    using System.Reactive.Concurrency;
    using System.Threading;
    
    namespace Example
    {
      class Program
      {
        static void Main()
        {
          //*******************************************************************************************************//
          //*** A subject acts similar to a proxy in that it acts as both a subscriber and a publisher          ***//
          //*** It's IObserver interface can be used to subscribe to multiple streams or sequences of data.     ***//
          //*** The data is then published through it's IObservable interface.                                  ***//
          //***                                                                                                 ***//
          //*** In this example an AsyncSubject is used to subscribe to an integer sequence from the Range      ***//
          //*** operator. An AsyncSubject only returns a value when the sequence it is subscribed to completes. ***//
          //*** Once the sequence has completed, the AsyncSubject will publish the final item in the sequence.  ***//
          //*** The AsyncSubject caches the final item. Any new subscriptions against that AsyncSubject will    ***//
          //*** also have the final item published to that subscription as well.                                ***//
          //*******************************************************************************************************//
    
          var intSequence = Observable.Range(0, 10, Scheduler.ThreadPool);
    
          AsyncSubject<int> myAsyncSubject = new AsyncSubject<int>();
          intSequence.Subscribe(myAsyncSubject);
    
          Thread.Sleep(1000);
          myAsyncSubject.Subscribe(i => Console.WriteLine("Final integer for subscription #1 is {0}\n", i),
                                   () => Console.WriteLine("subscription #1 completed.\n"));
                                    
          
          Console.WriteLine("Sleeping for 5 seconds before subscription2\n");
          Thread.Sleep(5000);
    
          myAsyncSubject.Subscribe(i => Console.WriteLine("Final integer for subscription #2 after 5 seconds is {0}\n", i),
                                   () => Console.WriteLine("subscription #2 completed.\n"));
    
    
          Console.WriteLine("Press ENTER to exit...");
          Console.ReadLine();
    
          myAsyncSubject.Dispose();
        }
      }
    }

The following output was generated by the example code.

    Final integer for subscription #1 is 9
    
    subscription #1 completed.
    
    Sleeping for 5 seconds before subscription2
    
    Final integer for subscription #2 after 5 seconds is 9
    
    subscription #2 completed.
    
    Press ENTER to exit...

## See Also

#### Reference

[AsyncSubject\<T\> Class](hh229363\(v=vs.103\).md)

[System.Reactive.Subjects Namespace](hh211639\(v=vs.103\).md)

